well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again 100,000 subscribers on YouTube
that is substantial thank you it means a
lot to me so we're gonna take this
moment to bring everybody up to speed
answer the most frequently asked
questions and then answer two questions
kind of that aren't really frequently
asked but when people do ask they tend
to want some kind of an answer and I'm
going to answer those as best as I can
okay
so to catch everybody up to speed now if
you're on facebook watching this you
probably already know all this because
you got to see it happen you have to
watch it develop in real time if you're
on YouTube there may be a little bit of
confusion you may have gotten a
recommended video for a guy who looks
just like me but doesn't have an accent
well to hear you guys talk about a
comment section I still have an accent
it's just downplayed yeah that's that
that's me okay so I'm a journalist
generally speaking it people don't
really think you're intelligent if you
sound like an extra from deliverance so
for years I downplayed my accent then in
2016 I think I was drinking with some of
my colleagues and the accent slipped out
and they're like oh my god you're a
redneck yes yes thank you I am a redneck
yeah and they encouraged me to make a
video kind of showcasing my accent
they thought it'd be a good gag for my
core readers you know hey your
international affairs expert is actually
a guy who got put in cuffs when he was a
teen because he had captured an
alligator and was gonna let it loose in
one of his friends trailers as a joke
yeah so I made the video and I played up
the southern and the redneck as much as
humanly possible I was drinking a beer
had dip in my mouth wearing overalls and
a trucker cap sitting on a tractor that
is obviously not how I normally dress
but well I didn't have to go by anything
other than the DEP so you can infer from
that what you will as time went on I
made more videos and they're all on my
personal page on Facebook and it didn't
really uh didn't really carry a lot of
weight you know it was basically me
making fun of me
with a little bit of social commentary
thrown in it didn't take me long to
realize though that the social
commentary was much more widely accepted
coming from me with my accent than
without it could make the same video and
the one with the accent is the one that
would get the most attention and people
would talk about and therefore in theory
would catch some of the ideas so I made
these videos like this for a year and
then put them on their own Facebook page
it was never supposed to be a secret
there was never supposed to be a double
identity thing going on in fact the very
first video on on the Facebook page
starts off with Justin said I'd be more
effective on my own channel Justin is my
given name by the way I also go by Mick
and throughout the videos there are
kind of head nods and little inside
jokes to my my core readership in fact
in the most recent one you guys on
YouTube will have seen this one where I
was on the border pretending to be on
the border get that idiot Justin on the
phone is a line in it when I was talking
about Benghazi and I was like you know
they couldn't control their client it
happens that is also a little nod to
people who who know me a little bit more
about me
so in the beginning I really played up
the accent and as time went on I kind of
walked it back to my real accent what
you hear now that's pretty much how I
talk except you're in the satire videos
because I do tend to play it up during
those because well it's funny okay so
now you're kind of caught up now I know
on YouTube you may not have ever seen
the real heavy accent because I think it
started that channel started after I
stopped using it but it's out there now
that immediate follow-up questions to
this or you know are you really from the
Southie yes yeah I'm really from the
south grew up mainly on the Tennessee
Kentucky line and then lived in Georgia
Alabama Florida Texas yeah I went to a
high school that was so small it was a
high school and a middle school I lived
well I don't live in town I live just
outside of a town that has a population
of about 4,000 people so yeah really
from the south okay so now one of the
questions that pops up and not one of
the most frequently asked questions but
one of the questions it pops up kind of
often am i convicted human trafficker no
course not that's stupid
a convicted alien smuggler there is a
difference there is a difference I know
about the blog I've read it it is
taining most of what is contained in it
like 95% is utterly false fact check it
back check it I know there's a theory
that I wrote it as kind of a teaching
tool because I am known for going over
the top to prove a point as much as I
would love to claim credit for that
that's not true that was put out by
somebody in 2013 who was operating at
the behest of somebody who's angry
because I wouldn't interview them that's
where that came from the reason I never
sent a letter because it is plainly
libelous the reason I never sent the
letters because it is a good teaching
tool it shows exactly how the use of
official documents and putting them in a
false context can easily lead the reader
to believe something that isn't true to
draw the wrong conclusions
yeah like I said you know I'm just
starting at the top of it no that's not
the right charge no I didn't take a deal
you know no I didn't get out in an
abnormal amount of time I didn't get a
short sentence all this stuff is easily
fact-checking I know there are people
that want to know about it no no it's
irrelevant to what I'm doing today and I
know to you guys it's interesting to me
it is something that happened more than
10 years ago I'm also not gonna put
myself in the position of defending
myself in the comment section against
any baseless accusation that comes along
so know as far as my background before
then there are a lot of questions about
that and
I can get a little bit of insight yeah
it was a consultant contractor whatever
term you want to use I don't really care
I was always a civilian this is
something that comes up pretty often
always a civilian that doesn't mean your
buddy lied to you though your buddy may
just not known who I was there are a
number of people who were like you know
hey well my friend met you here maybe
maybe he did I wasn't active duty ever
ever there people are like you know my
friend says he you were in this unit no
I wasn't I wasn't may have been
physically present with people who were
from that unit I was never in that unit
I was always a civilian always right now
there are people from that community
going oh you're one of those guys now
I'm a literal farm boy not a figurative
one I was never part of that
organization either people want details
about that and what I did and stuff like
that whatever the public record says is
what I'm going to say is true regardless
of whether or not it is I think the
reason that industry in particular is
having so many problems and is looking
around going you know where are we going
why are we in this ham bass ticket is
because people don't know when to shut
up so not a big fan of tell-all books as
you might imagine so anyway now on to
the most frequently asked questions
first are you married yes happily
married
extremely married super married a bunch
of kids married wonderful woman okay is
this you this is always accompanied by a
photo probably if it's a photo of a riot
or a protest yeah that's probably me
that was me and Fergus and that was me
in Flint that was me in DC that was me
being waterboarded yeah some of that is
my own personal activism some of that is
because I'm a journalist
I go to these things as far as photos
before that period whatever the public
record says determines whether or not
I'm the guy in that photo as far as I'm
concerned will comment on one set of
photos in particular because they are
being presented way out of context
there's a photo to photos of me and a
certain former lieutenant colonel yeah
that is me in the photo however that is
not some CIA super spook convention that
was him in a book signing and I was
handling the security I was contracted
by the venue
we're not like close friends or anything
I do believe that he would remember me
but solely because I thought he'd won
his senatorial campaign and I dressed
him as Senator which is possibly the
most embarrassing moment of my
professional career a lot of people have
questions about him and what he's like
no comment
that is the industry standard you don't
comment on any of your clients if you
say something not ease even if you have
something nice to say you know if you
say something nice about one and then no
comment on another the inference is that
the person you gave no comment on is bad
see you simply no comment on everybody
how can I help and this is a general
question like how can you help the world
you don't have to go all militant as you
just found out that may put you in a
tight spot figure out what your skill
set is I assure you it's needed get out
there the hardest part is getting active
once you get active Oh believe me you're
gonna have more more to do than you can
pause
imagine you just have to figure out
where you are needed
I would advise watching the series on
how to change the world now this is a
good one because the first couple of
times I got this didn't really know how
to respond it threw me through a loop
most of the time it was very accusatory
I chose one that was phrased a little
bit nicer how is what you're doing any
different than performance art now when
I first got the question I'm like this
is gonzo journalism some performance art
and I'll be crazy and then I tried to
actually spell out the differences and
it got really hard especially
considering I do satire at times I don't
know I don't know you got me it may be
the same thing it may be see the same
thing I try to convey fact rather than
emotion which was what I think most
performance art tries to convey but I
don't know that that's a significant
difference in the grand scheme of things
I would say that maybe gonzo journalism
especially now that we've moved to video
is is a form of performance art how can
I help with the TFC the fifth column is
a huge news network
huge multiple websites find the one
that's right for you if you're a
feminist head over to green media if you
want to cut your teeth on independent
journalist and go to Pontiac Tribune
the main Fifth Column site is being
restructured at the moment in fact I
think the only thing going up on it is
my videos but it will be back online
soon if you want to delve into
International Affairs head there even if
you just want to make memes reach out to
them via their social media surprisingly
common question what are your dogs named
my dogs are named Baroness and destro
yes after them
they're the bad guys in GI Joe my German
Shepherd is named Baroness Baroness the
character was an Eastern European woman
and kind of fits
destro was a silver-headed black body
guy and my silver head and black bodied
husky is named destro why don't you show
your whole t-shirt looks weird in the
framing it looks weird in the
frightening that's really the only
reason I wish I could because most of
them are from the TFC shop and benefit
charity how do you stay informed staying
informed isn't the problem it's getting
important to begin with that is the real
issue to understand what's going on in
Syria today you need to know what
happened in Syria in 1991
so it's a whole lot of reading of
history books before you can get to
really understanding current affairs
once you have that base of knowledge
it's really easy so it's just it's a lot
of reading I definitely think that
reading in this case is better than
YouTube videos because you can get more
in-depth than you can bounce around via
hyperlinks and get to where the
information you need are you ever going
to openly discuss your philosophy I like
to think I discussed my philosophy every
day in these videos I don't use that
word that that word is very loaded when
you say that word or people picture
teenagers and leather jackets with spiky
hair throwing rocks at cops that's not
what it is
so I avoid that term and it's become a
running gag among people who know me
we're 200 videos in and I actually never
said that were hurt in any of them and
I'm not gonna start now I discuss the
ideas I discussed
do you script and how many takes does it
take
I don't script I get a good idea of what
I'm gonna say and then kind of shoot
from the hip that's why sometimes my
delivery is a bit off how many takes I
can get it done in one as long as
nothing crazy happens you know an animal
comes in or I get a little fired up in
cuffs you probably notice I don't cuss
in my videos I just don't think this is
the appropriate venue to talk the way I
sometimes do and then another one what
kind of music do you listen to I'm
actually going to put together a
playlist as soon as I stop filming this
so there you go you're caught up and
you've got the frequently asked
questions answered and then a couple of
bonus questions as answered as best I
can I know that some people are gonna
want more information it's it is what it
is it was a long time ago it's not
relevant to what I'm doing today
and I don't ideas should stand and fall
on their own ideas should stand and
follow around I don't think that the
message should be clouded because
somebody did something you think is cool
or something that you hate it shouldn't
matter the information is there
that's what's matters that's what I'd
like to focus on rather than my personal
history that's one of the things one of
the reasons I don't talk about it is
because normally once it comes up that's
all people want to know about and it
kind of derails any meaningful
conversation guys thank you you probably
don't know what this means to me I
really appreciate it y'all hanging out
there with me anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night